# Blogwebsite
Blogging Website 

The blogging Website is a website will aloow the client to post any as their wish on the internet. Basically Our website Give a platform to our client all across Through this website we will be allow our user to upload and share their content on the daily basis or specific period of time and through our website client will able to post their Blog through vedios or they can post their article as a Blogpost on the website and they can be of any combination of any Vedios , Photos , Text . Throught this website we will be providing a space on a web through which user can express their felling and opinions, experiences, and interests. Blogs range from the personal to the political, and can focus on one narrow subject or a whole range of subjects innovation or idea cause they don’t have a space on web to express their idea and through our website. Blogs are a new and intriguing form of communication and personal expression. Researchers are only just beginning to realise the value that these media present as sources of data for research. This paper begins to unveil the untapped potential that the blogosphere provides for research. The paper begins by introducing blogs, explaining their evolution and the important role they play in society. We will provide a space for them on web and give them freedom to express their idea throughout the globe which could be usefull for future Generation and there is tremendous increase of internet in all over the world for educational purpose. The Online Blogging System will be easy to use for everyone . Blogs range from the personal to the political, and can focus on one narrow subject or a whole range of subjects. A place to share your thoughts and your passions. What is a blog abstract?
An abstract is a short and clear summary containing your hypothesis, key background information to your paper, a sentence or two about your methodology, and your conclusion. It is an insight into your work and helps people decide whether to read your paperAnd while there has been a lot of progress made on this front over the years, there still seems to be a little hesitation about how designers can evolve into becoming design leaders. A well-versed design leader has a fundamental understanding of how their discipline (design) affects business 
